Amazon Canada's early Black Friday deals are here 50 best deals on Apple AirPods, TVs, Christmas decor, home essentials and more, starting at $8 - Yahoo Lifest Amazon Canada's early Black Friday deals are here 50 best deals on Apple AirPods, TVs, Christmas decor, home essentials and more, starting at $8Yahoo Lifestyle Canada These 9 Apple deals prove that Black Friday 2025 is starting earlier than everCNN Black Fri The Fine Print The following comments are owned by whoever posted them. We are not responsible for them in any way.

Apple releases iOS 26.1, macOS 26.1, other updates with Liquid Glass controls and more New updates include a small but noteworthy batch of fixes and features. The Fine Print The following comments are owned by whoever posted them. We are not responsible for them in any way.

Fund manager sends message on latest Palantir earnings Palantir (PLTR) reported its financial results for Q3 on November 11. Alex C. Karp, co-founder and CEO of Palantir, said "114% - our Rule of 40 score These... Palantir (PLTR) reported its financial results for Q3 on November 11. Alex C. Karp, co-founder and CEO of Palantir, said "114% - our Rule of 40 score These results make undeniable the transformat 4730 chars

Nearly a million New Yorkers plan to flee if Mamdani is elected mayor -report Nothing says 'socialism' like people fleeing from it.This is as true in New York, Illinois, and California as it was in the U.S.S.R., Venezuela, and Cuba.But the prospect of young and dogmatic socialist Zohran Mamdani becoming mayor of New York City has taken Nothing says 'socialism' like people fleeing from it. This is as true in New York, Illinois, and California as it was in the U.S.S.R., Venezuela, and Cuba. But the prospect of young and dogmatic so 1771 chars

The TOURISE Awards Could Decide Where Everyone Is Traveling Next Year The TOURISE Awards recognize the best travel destinations around the world, decided by global experts in food, culture, arts, and more. The awards are part of a Saudi Ministry of Tourism project called TOURISE. It’s a vehicle for tourism professionals from around the world to connect on travel trends, technology, and sustainable de 12628 chars

Get the new Apple Watch Ultra 3 for $100 off - Engadget Get the new Apple Watch Ultra 3 for $100 offEngadget The Apple Watch SE 3 is on sale for a record low price of $199The Verge The Best Early Black Friday Apple Watch DealsMacRumors The Apple Watch Ultra 3 Just Got Its First Proper Discount, but It Won't Last L The Fine Print The following comments are owned by whoever posted them. We are not responsible for them in any way.

OS 26.1 Updates Bring Small Improvements Update to OS 26.1 for incremental improvements and security fixes across Apple’s platforms. Highlights include Tinted Liquid Glass, AutoMix over AirPlay, Slide Over’s return to iPadOS, and dozens of patched vulnerabilities. A week later than past release patterns suggested, Apple has pushed out the 26.1 versions of all its operating systems. iOS and iPadOS receive the most changes, while macOS gets a subset, visionOS ad 5625 chars

My 20 Google Docs tricks to supercharge your workflow (no extensions required) From editable PDFs to instant translations, Google Docs offers numerous features that many people overlook. Kyle KucharskiZDNET Follow ZDNET Add us as a preferred source on Google. ZDNET's key takeaways ulliGoogle Docs has become the universal document collaboration platform. liliFeatures suc 11672 chars

It's hard to believe, but the Exynos 2600 AP reportedly benchmarks at Apple M5 levels The 2nm deca-core AP from Samsung allegedly generated an amazing Geekbench result. A discussion is a place, where people can voice their opinion, no matter if it is positive, neutral or negative. However, when posting, one must stay true to the topic, and not just share some ra 1082 chars

Compass Box’s New Limited Edition Whisky Is Inspired By Crme Brle Compass Box Brle Royale blends four single malts for a dessert-inspired dram. Compass Box Brulee Royale Compass Box Compass Box is one of the Scotch worlds most recognizable names, though the brand and its flavor experts dont fall into an off-the-shelf definition. The compan 3924 chars

Your Windows 11 Computer’s Hidden Spy The Dark Truth About TPM Chips If you're running Windows 11, your computer has a TPM Chip Version 2.0. This is one of the requirements to using Windows 11 and of course Windows 10 has been declared as "End-Of-Life". While you think that Windows 11 is an improvement, wait till you find out  Skip to comments. Your Windows 11 Computers Hidden Spy The Dark Truth About TPM ChipsYouTube.com   Oct 29, 2025  Rob Braxman Tech Posted on 11032025 61504 PM PST by E. Pluribus Unum If 18193 chars

Exclusive -- 'Beat China' Rep. Max Miller Teases 'Transformational' Crypto Legislation Monday on The Alex Marlow Show, Rep. Max Miller (R-OH) discussed his crypto legislation. Miller stated, It’s going to be crypto tax, and what that’s going to do is it’s going to bring in revenuebut it’s also going to be The post Exclusive  Beat China’  Monday on The Alex Marlow Show, Rep. Max Miller (R-OH) discussed his crypto legislation. Miller stated, It’s going to be crypto tax, and what that’s going to do is it’s going to bring in revenue 393 chars

Exclusive -- Rep. Max Miller Trump's 'Peace Through Strength' Approach Has Quieted Middle East Monday on The Alex Marlow Show, Rep. Max Miller (R-OH) talked about the Middle East. Miller said, Trump sent a very clear and strong message when he decided to take out three of the biggest nuclear sites in Iran, and The post Exclusive  Rep. Max Miller T Monday on The Alex Marlow Show, Rep. Max Miller (R-OH) talked about the Middle East. Miller said, Trump sent a very clear and strong message when he decided to take out three of the biggest nucle 361 chars

Exclusive -- Rep. Max Miller Ending Filibuster 'Dangerous Precedent,' 'No Doubt' Democrats Would Pack Court, Go After Guns Monday on The Alex Marlow Show, Rep. Max Miller (R-OH) talked about the prospect of eliminating the filibuster. Miller said, I believe it’s a dangerous precedent. To open up the government, for a Democrat clean CR that every Republican voted The post Exclu Monday on The Alex Marlow Show, Rep. Max Miller (R-OH) talked about the prospect of eliminating the filibuster. Miller said, I believe it’s a dangerous precedent. To open up the government, for a 535 chars

iOS 26.1 and iPadOS 26.1 bring multiple critical security fixes here’s the full list - 9to5Mac iOS 26.1 and iPadOS 26.1 bring multiple critical security fixes here’s the full list9to5Mac iOS 26.1 lets you tweak Liquid Glass, and it’s out nowThe Verge Apple Releases 26.1 Updates to Its Operating SystemsMacStories Apple iOS 26.1 Release Date The Next K The Fine Print The following comments are owned by whoever posted them. We are not responsible for them in any way.

ESPN Still Dark On YouTube TV During Monday Night Football  Fans Are Furious ESPN still hasn’t settled its dispute with YouTube TV. Last Thursday, ESPNDisney announced that it was pulling all of its channels from YouTube TV amid a dispute over carriage fees. Unfortunately, Google’s YouTube TV has chosen to deny their subscribers the  Denny Medley-Imagn Images ESPN still hasn’t settled its dispute with YouTube TV, and football fans are not happy. Last Thursday, ESPNDisney announced that it was pulling all of its channels from 1982 chars

Introducing Thanksgiving Dinner-Flavored Oreo Cookies Oreo cookies come in a lot of flavors, but this is one that I can't see gaining any long-term traction. the company is now offering the Oreoid Thanksgiving Dinner Cookie Tin. It's a box with 12 Oreo cookie that come in six Thanksgiving flavors turkey  stuff Oreo cookies come in a lot of flavors, but this is one that I can't see gaining any long-term traction. the company is now offering the Oreoid Thanksgiving Dinner Cookie Tin. It's a box with 12 Oreo  768 chars

Kentucky GOP candidates for US Senate stick by Trump on tariffs. Democrat sees chaos.’ LEXINGTON  Candidates for U.S. Senate in Kentucky talked on Wednesday about national economic and trade policies before a gathering focused on manufacturing and innovation. Answering questions in front of the Kentucky Industry Conference held in Lexington th Skip to comments. Kentucky GOP candidates for US Senate stick by Trump on tariffs. Democrat sees chaos.Kentucky Lantern   October 29, 2025 525 pm  MCKENNA HORSLEY Posted on 11032025 557 4349 chars

Apple showcases a very cool-looking new Apple One logo While the new Apple TV logo got all the attention today, Apple also quietly changed the Apple One logo with a callback to one of its most classic eras. more While the new Apple TV logo got all the attention today, Apple also quietly changed the Apple One logo with a callback to one of its most classic eras. A few days ago, Apple announced that, alongsid 1251 chars

NHL star Arthur Kaliyev accused of scamming girlfriend, fellow players to fuel gambling habit NHL player Arthur Kaliyev accused of $50,000 fraud scheme targeting girlfriend to fund gambling addiction, using fake checks and intimidation tactics. Model Lauren Mochen has come out accusing boyfriend and NHL player Arthur Kaliyev of scamming her out of tens of thousands of dollars to fund what she claimed was a rampant gambling addiction that al 4221 chars

Android T-Mobile users might soon be free from nasty surprises T-Mobile is uninstalling a component from users' phones that was a source of annoyance. Bloatware is the reason some customers have stopped buying Android phonesthrough a carrier. Since Apple and Google have stricter requirements, iPhones and Pixels are spared from this problem.Carriers 326 chars

When Is Frankenstein’ Streaming On Netflix Here’s Exactly When To Watch This Week Frankenstein is coming to Netflix soon. Find out exactly when Guillermo del Toro’s reimagining of the horror classic, starring Jacob Elordi, will be streaming. FRANKENSTEIN. (L to R) Mia Goth as Elizabeth and Jacob Elordi as The Creature in Frankenstein. Ken WoronerNetflix Halloween may be over, but Frankenstein is coming to Netflix soon. Guillermo del T 3959 chars

Budget-Friendly Mac Mini Alternative, This Windows 11 Pro Mini PC Selling for Peanuts at Amazon Acemagic mini PC delivers Mac Mini alternative at one-third the price. The post Budget-Friendly Mac Mini Alternative, This Windows 11 Pro Mini PC Selling for Peanuts at Amazon appeared first on Kotaku. Apple’s Mac Mini is a small powerhouse of performance but it starts at $599 for the base model, which makes it inaccessible to budget-conscious buyers who only need a dependable desktop computer. If  3431 chars

Windows 11 Previews a Feature That Lets You Share Audio With Another Person's Device The feature would let people share their audio over Bluetooth with another speaker, headphone, or Bluetooth-compatible hearing aid. Want to watch the same movie with family members on a plane but still allow each person to use their own audio device Microsoft is previewing a new feature that will allow Windows 11 users to share  2511 chars

Curtis Sliwa’s last stand It’s nearly 8 p.m. outside the Stop  Shop in the Glendale neighborhood of Queens, and Curtis Sliwa, the Republican nominee for New York City mayor, is in town. He is the guest of honor at the annual Glendale Halloween parade  the longest-running Halloween p Its nearly 8 p.m. outside the Stop amp Shop in the Glendale neighborhood of Queens, and Curtis Sliwa, the Republican nominee for New York City mayor, is in town. He is the guest of honor at the ann 142 chars

Sephora Holiday 2025 Best Skincare Gift Sets (worth the hype) Continuing with my Sephora holiday 2025 gift guide, here is a roundup of the best skincare gift sets at Sephora that are well worth the price In case you missed it, here is the post on Must-Have Holiday Makeup Gift Sets at Sephora. As you probably know, the  Affiliate links Continuing with my Sephora holiday 2025 gift guide, here is a roundup of the best skincare gift sets at Sephora that are well worth the price In case you missed it, here is the post 9127 chars

Family violence needs cop response, get feds out of food programs and other commentary The case where 19-year-old Damien Hurstel of Staten Island is charged with having murdered and decapitated his mother’s boyfriend is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to family violence, thunders Naomi Schaefer Riley at City Journal. The case where 19-year-old Damien Hurstel of Staten Island is charged with having murdered and decapitated his mothers boyfriend is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to family violence, thu 3691 chars

5 infuriating problems with Steam Link I wasn't prepared for Steam Link fails to work half the time, leaving me clueless and fuming In all the time I've been a PC gamer, I never felt the need to check out Steam's remote play features like Steam Link. All my gaming happened on my PC, and my TV and phone were reserved for streaming 6214 chars

AppletvOS 26.1 tvOS26AppleAppleTV4KAppleTVHDtvOS26.1(httpssupport.apple.comja-jp1063... AmazonProtoArcBluetooth amp2.4GHzProtoArc EM042,740 Sale

When Stick Figures Fought A story about Flash, plus news. Welcome This is another Sunday edition of the Animation Obsessive newsletter, and heres our slate ulli1) On the Xiao Xiao Flash series. lili2) Animation newsbits. liulA quick note 17157 chars

Google Expands Chrome Browser’s Autofill to Include Passport, Driver’s License Google’s Chrome browser can now fill in a user’s passport, driver’s license, vehicle license plate and vehicle identification number (VIN). This capability expands upon the addresses, passwords and payment information the browser can already fill in, the comp Googles Chrome browser can now fill in a users passport, drivers license, vehicle license plate and vehicle identification number (VIN).This capability expands upon the addresses, passwords and payme 2002 chars

PodcastRigorous Research, Real Impact 2 4  Market Makers The Politics of Market Design  PodcastRigorous Research, Real Impact 2 4  Market Makers The Politics of Market Design  httpswww.waseda.jptopPodcastRigorous Res... Market Makers The Politics of Market Design PodcastRigorous Research, Real Impact 2 4 Market Makers The Politics of Market Design PodcastRigorous Research, Real Impact Market Makers The Polit 619 chars

The Magnificent 7's biggest commonality is growth, Jim Cramer says CNBC's Jim Cramer on Monday rejected concerns that market cap is too concentrated in the Magnificent Seven. CNBC's Jim Cramer on Monday rejected concerns of market cap concentration in the Magnificent Seven, saying they are tied together because of their high growth rates rather than their products. "It's 1728 chars

When Terror Fuels Transformation The Hidden Trap of Linear Thinking Many companies justify complacency as risk aversion. The best leaders cultivate healthy paranoia to spot shifting ground, and move, before it’s too late. Many companies justify complacency as risk aversion. In truth, they risk more by staying the course. The best leaders cultivate healthy paranoia to spot shifting groundand move before its too late.  9279 chars

US stock market today Why SP, Nasdaq gain while Dow slips Here’s how Apple, Nvidia, and Tesla drove Wall Street today US stock market ended mixed on Monday as investors chased the AI trade after a wave of billion-dollar tech deals. Nasdaq rose 0.46% to 23,834.72, the SP 500 gained 0.17% to 6,851.97, but the Dow fell 0.48% to 47,336.68. Apple jumped 2%, Nvidia climbed 1.8%,  US stock market closed mixed Monday as AI-driven momentum kept tech shares in focus. The Nasdaq Composite rose 0.46% to 23,834.72. The SampP 500 edged up 0.17% to 6,851.97. But the Dow Jones Indust 7652 chars

Sophie Turner and Chris Martin Are Dating It looks like Sophie Turner and Chris Martin have some sparks. The Game of Thrones alum and Coldplay frontman are dating, according to multiple outlets. Indeed, Sophie, 29, and Chris, 48, have... It looks like Sophie Turner and Chris Martin have some sparks. The Game of Thrones alum and Coldplay frontman are dating, according to multipleoutlets. Indeed, Sophie, 29, and Chris, 48, have priva 793 chars

Did We Just Watch the Greatest Game 7 Ever The final game of the World Series had every Hollywood moment you could want. Hosts Alex Kirshner, Lindsay Gibbs, and Ben Lindbergh discuss what was possibly the greatest World Series of all time. Then theyre joined by Matt Brown, the publisher of Extra Points, to break down t 1211 chars

WATCH Congressman wants everyone paying higher taxes anywhere in the country’ 'Two-Faced Tom Suozzi finally said the quiet part out loud' U.S. Rep. Tom Suozzi, D-N.Y. Democratic Rep. Tom Suozzi of New York told Fox News host Bill Hemmer Monday he opposed tax increases in his state but wanted to see higher federal tax rates. Democrati 3106 chars

Krispy Kreme Announces 9 New Flavors, Expanding Menu to 16 Full-Sized Doughnuts Krispy Kreme is expanding its menu with the announcement of nine new flavors The new menu includes returning popular doughnuts that were previously offered for only a limited time, some fan favorites that were requested online, plus other new flavors that ha Krispy Kreme is expanding its menu with the announcement of nine new flavors The new menu includes returning popular doughnuts that were previously offered for only a limited time, some fan favorit 2257 chars

Clive bar owner, patron respond to Halloween Nazi costume controversy Donald Gardner of Johnston confirmed to KCCI he is the man who dressed as a Nazi while attending Halloween party. CLIVE, Iowa A Halloween controversy in Clive has sparked outrage and prompted important conversations about antisemitism and accountability. The incident occurred at Miss Kitty's bar, where Donald G 1822 chars

Apple Home update deadline pushed to February 2026 Users still running the old HomeKit framework now have a few extra months to update to the new Apple Home architecture. Here’s what you need to know. more Users still running the old HomeKit framework now have a few extra months to update to the new Apple Home architecture. Heres what you need to know. A few years ago, Apple introduced a new, more rel 1407 chars

Citi Strata Elite vs. Chase Sapphire Reserve Reserve Wins Although both premium travel credit cards provide lounge access, Global Entry or TSA PreCheck credits, flexible points and lots of other credits, their value depends on your spending habits. Between the Citi Strata Elite Card and the Chase Sapphire Reserve, the latter comes out ahead for most travelers because of its flexible $300 travel credit, robust travel protections and access to v 10205 chars

Buckingham Palace to stage display of Queen Elizabeth II's fashion next year The largest-ever exhibition of Queen Elizabeth II's fashion is set to open at Buckingham Palace next year to mark her birth centenary LONDON -- The largest-ever exhibition of the late Queen Elizabeth II's fashion, including the opulent gowns she wore for her wedding and coronation, will go on display at Buckingham Palace next year  2428 chars

Apple Watch SE GPS (2024) 40mm Silver Aluminum Case with Sport Band - SM for $169.99 (1 replies) Target has Apple Watch SE Aluminum Case (2024) on sale for $169.99. httpswww.target.compapple-wa...t91122584 This collaborative space allows users to contribute additional information, tips, and insights to enhance the original deal post. Feel free to share your knowledge and help fellow shoppers make infor 26 chars

pymetallic 0.3.1 Python bindings for Apple Metal using swift-cffi A required part of this site couldnt load. This may be due to a browser extension, network issues, or browser settings. Please check your connection, disable any ad blockers, or try using a diffe 12 chars

Chris Martin, 48, and Sophie Turner, 29, have reportedly gone on multiple dates There’s a definite spark’ Last week news broke that the duo went on a "secret date" shortly after Turner and her British aristocrat boyfriend split for good. Chris Martin is seeing Sparks with Sophie Turner. The Coldplay frontman, 48, and the actress, 29, have gone on multiple dates as they are both moving on from previous relationships, according to  3941 chars

iOS 26.1 is here with 7 big boosts you need to know about Apple's update to iOS 26 brings new tools including Liquid Glass toggles, gesture controls and camera tools. Here's what else you'll find in the iOS 26.1... When you buy through links on our articles, Future and its syndication partners may earn a commission. Credit Tom's Guide  Shutterstock  Apple Apple's first update for iOS 26 has finally landed  4374 chars

NYT Pips Hints, Walkthrough And Solutions For Tuesday, November 4 Looking for help with today's New York Times Pips We'll walk you through today's puzzle and help you match dominoes to tiles. Are your dominoes not lining up properly Are the colorful tiles in the newest NYT Game, Pips, too dazzling Or maybe you just want to compare notes. Whatever the case, I have the solutions for the E 4440 chars